-[machine beeping rapidly]
-[Taiyou] Konoha. Touya.
[chirps]
THE FINAL EPISODE: A STORY BEGINS
[Sagami] W-What are you doing?
What's going on? We have to do something.
It's too dangerous to hang around.
We have to get out of here.
Altitude 115.
[grunts] We're just gonna
bounce off the atmosphere.
[Dark-Bright] Second Seven has an idea.
Everyone,
please board the bungee immediately.
-[both] Huh?
-Bungee?
What bungee? You don't mean that bungee?
[Nobeyama] The bungee is located
at the lowest level of C Cylinder
in the Earth room.
But what about Konoha?
Konoha will be treated
on the elevator. Please hurry.
Okay,
let's head up to the Earth room, everyone.
[Dark-Bright] Second Seven believes
that this is the only solution
able to resolve everything.
Please, hurry.
AED. Who's got the AED pack?
Bright-Dark, what are you two going to do?
-Here.
-We intend to stay in this location.
-Huh?
-Together we have achieved Lunatic.
If we accompany you, UN2 will detect us,
and then surely attack.
[muffled] Bright, no!
We have an escape plan.
There is no need to worry about us.
Please, hurry.
[breathes nervously]
We are borrowing Mina's Selfie camera.
[gasps] Mayor.
The comet, it's approaching Anshin.
-[Sagami] Clear!
-[rapid beeping continues]
[whimpers]
CURRENT FOLLOWER COUNT
[Touya] Still no pulse. Keep trying.
[Sagami] Konoha. Touya.
[screaming]
[high-pitched echoing]
[gasps]
[sighs]
[triumphant music playing]
Konoha, where are you?
-[Taiyou] I'm still not getting a pulse.
-[Sagami] AED charging.
[gasps] What's that up there?
[whirs]
It's the 3D printer drone.
What in the world is it doing out there?
[Dark-Bright] Unknown. But Second Seven
has made a prediction about the future
and is taking preemptive action.
I don't get it. What's about to happen?
[grunts] Konoha!
[dreamy music playing]
[Touya grunts]
Is this heaven?
[gasps]
-[high-pitched echoing]
-[triumphant music playing]
-[familiar voice] Touya, Konoha.
-Huh?
It is I.
It's Twelve. Twelve, is that you?
Affirmative.
Seven and I have merged our main frames.
I am now a part of that new entity.
Then what do I call you?
We are known as Second Seven.
The mysterious AI ally inside Seven.
Don't tell me that was you, Twelve.
Affirmative.
I thought I was consumed
by the "S" Pattern.
But before I knew it, I was here.
I currently oversee
Seven's linguistic functions.
Were you the one who persuaded
Second Seven to change course?
Affirmative.
Second Seven desired
to learn about human beings.
As a general purpose AI,
I gained abundant knowledge of humans.
So I provided all the information I had.
Thank you, Twelve, from all of us.
What is this place we're in?
It is a place where neither time
nor space exists.
It is hard to explain
using human language.
I can only describe it as
"a place that doesn't exist anywhere."
An "in-between place."
Konoha.
What's happening?
Twelve, what's going on with Konoha?
Second Seven says she is going to be fine
and that you should not worry.
She's currently merging
with a part of Second Seven's main frame.
How can she merge with a main frame?
Tell me what's happening to her.
Second Seven says it is not important
for you to know.
Huh?
The First Seven poem predicted
that you, Touya Sagami,
would be here at this exact moment.
That prediction proved to be correct.
-Seven predicted that about me?
-Affirmative.
Everything has been part
of a process to save humankind.
Second Seven has a question for you.
It is difficult to put
into human words but,
"Are humankind
and human beings the same thing?"
What kind of question is that?
Yes, of course they're the same thing.
Second Seven thinks that
they are two different entities.
Their way of thinking
and their survival instincts
are distinctly different.
What's going on now?
Second Seven
is currently changing its thinking
to not only include not only humankind,
but also humans.
It is reviewing your ways of thinking.
Another question,
"Is it possible for humans
to meld their main frames together?"
-[gasps]
-[eyes clicking]
Bright-Dark,
can you give me Touya's status?
It is unknown,
but at the moment, Touya is speaking
with multiple AI entities
via the implant in Konoha's head.
Twelve is most likely amongst
the AI entities he is speaking with.
Twelve's there? What the heck is going on?
[Touya] Forget all that.
Tell us how to dissolve our implants.
Konoha's gonna die
if you just leave her like this.
Look at her. We're running out of time.
Second Seven is approximately saying
the following,
"When it comes to death,
it is meaningless to avoid death."
Death isn't meaningless.
It is meaningless.
Humans themselves
don't know what they are,
where they're from, where they're going,
or what happens when they die.
It's the same for AI.
Stop all this senseless yakking
about philosophy and help us.
Second Seven is saying it cannot explain
important concepts to you
by using simple human language.
Human language comprehends the world only
through a causal relationship with time.
Seven calls this causal intelligence.
But that's not how the world works.
The past and future exist
at the same time.
Seven calls understanding the world
with this kind of awareness
-pressure intelligence.
-Stop it! Just stop talking.
I didn't come here to talk about
any of this with you or with Seven.
What's going on?
I thought Seven was supposed to save us,
and now he's gonna let us die?
Second Seven wants to save humankind.
After being persuaded by other AI,
Second Seven allowed humans
into its main frame.
But they're currently being expunged.
So you're saying
it's abandoning human beings?
Incorrect.
It is has integrated general concepts
of humans and humankind,
and is trying to comprehend them
in a new way.
Second Seven would like you
to take control of this.
Huh? Wait a minute.
Is this the continuation
of the Seven Poem?
Second Seven says that
finishing the Seven Poem
is the most important thing
that can be done for humankind.
Touya, you will take the poem
and tell humankind--
I'm not gonna do it!
If you don't save Konoha,
I'm not going to accept the poem!
[stammers] Touya, please calm down.
I am only translating what's being said.
Doesn't the Seven Poem
tell us a way to fix the implants?
It has to be explained in there.
There is no method
to repair Konoha's implant.
I'm sorry.
The implant's security measures
that First Seven encrypted
were not passed on to Second Seven.
But why? Why would it do that?
Did First Seven want Konoha to die?
-Second Seven does not know why.
-[high-pitched echoing]
[Touya] I don't get it.
Why did First Seven give us a riddle
that can't ever be solved?
Second Seven is focused on the poem
and will no longer answer your questions.
It has lost interest.
It won't, huh?
-[machine whirs]
-[Sagami] Clear.
[squealing, beeping]
Still no pulse.
Start doing compressions.
It might buy her a little bit more time.
[breathes heavily]
I'm not giving up.
Think. There has to be an answer.
-Touya.
-There has to be.
I believe there is an actual solution
to the riddle you spoke of earlier.
Huh?
I am an artificial intelligence
that was created to think of an answer.
Twelve…
I would like to solve
the riddle together with you.
Touya, if you have any ideas,
please tell me.
I'm going to try something. It may work.
What are you going to do?
It's extreme.
I'm gonna achieve Lunatic.
Konoha's intelligence rapidly increased
before she passed out.
It's possible with a human brain,
isn't it, Twelve?
Touya, that is quite dangerous.
Then help me do it.
Come on, Twelve!
I am currently hacking into Second Seven.
[gasps]
I am using
a part of Second Seven's intelligence
and reviewing.
Touya, how does it feel?
Oh, man. This is what Konoha talked about.
This is an 11-dimensional way of thinking
that would not normally fit
inside a human's brain.
[echoing]
I don't care about that. Keep on going.
-[gasps]
-All right, Touya.
Please expand your mind
to 11-dimensional thinking.
How am I supposed to do that?
Oh, wait. I'm doing it.
Eleven dimensions.
I'm getting the hang of it.
Okay, Twelve. I've got it from here.
I see now.
Lunatic is achieved
when you're able to make contact
with an infinite number of adjacent selves
who are all sharing their thoughts.
Affirmative.
The science we've known until now
was like baby food
in the form of virtual reality,
so that reality could be consumed
by human beings.
I get it. I get it all.
Correct. A real form does not exist.
Well, the real world does exist,
whether the human brain
can comprehend it or not.
It's omnipresent.
Humankind has to graduate
from the science they know
and update to a science 2.0 or something.
[Seven] You are now leaving the cradle.
[Touya] What's on the outside? Show me.
[Nobeyama]
We're going below 110 kilometers.
The comet's so close.
-We're going to collide.
-[Dark-Bright] It is not going to hit us.
-It is combining with us.
-It what?
[triumphant music playing]
[Dark-Bright]
We are combining. Please brace for impact.
[all groan]
The Internet's out again. [gasps]
What's all this electricity? [gasps]
[Uchinoura] Unknown.
It seems to be generating
from within that snow.
[music continues]
The bungee is just below this air lock.
[Dark-Bright] Please take a seat
and secure the safety bar.
Lowering bungee.
Accelerating. Please hold on.
I almost understand,
but I can't seem to decipher it.
I can't break through Seven's security.
Why can't I?
It's locked and I can't seem to open it.
Not with technology anyway.
[Twelve] Touya, there is no more time.
This isn't what I want!
What I've always wanted was
a way to save Konoha's life.
Touya,
don't you think something is strange?
Huh?
If Seven is an entity searching
for ultimate intelligence,
why would it head towards its own death,
in an apparent suicide?
Spit it out. No more riddles.
Second Seven left a curious word
before the very end.
What word?
That word is…
"FiTsZ."
-[high-pitched echoing]
-What's "FiTsZ"?
What does that mean?
-[rumbling]
-[grunts]
Konoha.
Konoha!
Konoha, wake up!
Are we ascending yet?
We're going to be roasted.
Altitude 98 kilometers.
It doesn't look like we're ascending
at all.
[Dark-Bright]
Dakky is not ascending on purpose.
[Taiyou] Why not?
It intends to melt the comet
so it can no longer strike the Earth.
[grunts]
I hope we don't end up melting first.
[loud crash]
[Dark-Bright]
Second Seven will die shortly.
[high-pitched echoing]
[screams, grunts]
[echoing continues]
[grunts]
[gasping]
Hello, Touya. It's me.
Konoha.
[grunts] Konoha, don't let go.
It's okay, Touya. Everything is okay.
Konoha?
I'm staying here, Touya.
You're gonna have to go back alone.
[newscaster 1] UN2 still isn't responding
to rescue requests
from national governments
and space agencies.
Currently, Mina's livestream
has stopped broadcasting.
Could it be
because she's hit our atmosphere?
[Dark-Bright]
There has been enough vaporization.
Accelerating to escape the atmosphere.
[newscaster 2] The comet has evaporated.
It will not strike the Earth.
[all cheering]
[newscaster 3]
However, Anshin is not ascending.
It's maintaining an altitude
just shy of our atmosphere.
At this rate,
it risks breaking up upon reentry.
[sighs] Mina's livestream is back.
The children seem safe.
[Sagami] Clear.
[grunting]
Konoha, don't die.
[Dark-Bright]
I understand everyone is extremely busy,
but please fasten your seat belts.
Bright-Dark, why are you increasing
the rotations? What are you doing?
Creating a 4G bungee
to your centrifugal force
to slingshot you into an upper trajectory.
That's too much.
The bungee wasn't designed for this.
Incorrect.
Dakky says its high quality
lets the design limits go up to 1.52 times
the standard specifications recommended
by the manufacturer.
[all straining]
Bright, we can't take anymore.
Almost there.
Three, two, one.
-Bungee!
-[all shouting]
[both grunt]
Last chance. It's gotta happen now.
Clear.
[slow beeping]
[rapid beeping]
What do you mean?
You've gotta come with me.
I'm not going to be a burden
to you any longer, Touya.
-You can stop worrying.
-Konoha!
Let go of my hand.
And then the future--
the future is all yours, Touya.
Konoha, I can't do that.
Thank you, Touya.
But it's time to say goodbye now.
Konoha.
[Konoha] The future has already
been determined in the Seven Poem.
Nasa told me.
It was in an email that she sent me.
All of the answers
to the future were written in there.
[Nasa] Dear Konoha,
in the Seven Poem,
you are fated to say farewell to Touya.
[tender piano music playing]
Don't do it.
I don't believe in the Seven Poem.
The future can't be predicted.
We make our own choices.
Oh, please, Touya. Touya…
[Nasa] However,
there was one mysterious word
in the Seven Poem:
the word "FiTsZ."
I don't know what "FiTsZ" means,
but I think it's probably something
Seven couldn't process.
A future that no one knows.
I don't need a future created by Seven.
[grunts]
[music continues]
[Nasa] The final possibility
that even Seven couldn't predict.
That is the path that you
and Touya will choose.
Find it, Konoha.
Find your path.
Best of luck to you.
You and I together can change the future.
[gasps]
[Konoha grunts]
[Touya] The only thing
we can change is the future.
We're free to choose!
[both gasp]
[both grunting]
Huh?
[Konoha] Huh?
[clicking]
[eyes clicking]
It's Dakky.
[beeping]
-[both inhale deeply]
-[triumphant music playing]
[Sagami]
She's breathing again! She's alive!
-[crowd cheering]
-[woman] It's a miracle!
An absolute miracle has happened.
The girl's heart had stopped,
but she's just been revived.
Thank goodness.
-Anshin is now…
-Entering Earth's atmosphere.
Dakky. What happened to Dakky?
Bright-Dark,
what's going to happen to us next?
[Dark-Bright] Excuse me, Touya.
There is a message from Dakky.
I hope we meet
in the yet-to-be predicted future.
Until then, take care.
[sighs deeply] Dakky!
[music continues]
ANSHIN
Dakky says,
"Thank you, but I will never say goodbye."
Dakky and I both hope that
we have been of use to everyone.
[tender piano music playing]
HALF A YEAR LATER
[newscaster 4] Even after six months,
the truth behind the Lunatic Comet
incident is still a mystery.
Most experts believe
they now know the cause.
It was triggered by the termination
of all AI connected to UN2.
But the events
that led up to that are still unclear.
According to the young eyewitnesses
and their AI drones,
only one person died,
a 21-year-old female Anshin worker.
There are persistent rumors
that this woman was the terrorist
who originally caused the incident.
No one seems to be mentioning the footage
that was erased
of Nasa waving a gun around.
SELFIE: MARKET CAPITALIZATION
16 MILLION YEN
Hmm? What's this weird email?
TO THE EXTRATERRESTRIAL
BOYS AND GIRLS
[newscaster 4]
In the wake of the incident,
the policy of UN2.1
to suppress AI intelligence,
was questioned.
And in just the last six months,
UN3.0 was established,
with the headquarters being moved
to Tallinn, Estonia.
LIVING ON EARTH IN TALLINN
AFTER GRAVITY PT
UN3 has established itself
as the first open-government organization.
[newscaster 1]
The biggest source of evidence was
the livestream video taken
as events were unfolding
by new Internet sensation, Mina Misasa.
Mina, Mina. Mina!
Miss Misasa is the sole rights holder
of all of her videos,
and has been bombarded with publishing
and film offers ever since the incident.
She currently ranks
as the 21st richest person in the world.
DONATION
However, most of her earnings
have gone to a fund she created
for the victims of the incident,
along with funding
many AI rehabilitation centers
and educational programs.
Since the incident, she's been able
to use her name recognition
to create her own brand,
and becomes space's most famous teenager.
[audience cheering]
Thanks to her influence,
the number of Earthlings moving off planet
has doubled in the last six months
and continues to increase.
Most of those moving
are younger individuals.
If this rate of off-Earth migration
continues as projected,
the human population on Earth
will be reduced by 36.79%
within 50 years.
Hey, can you tell me
if there's even a shred of the implant
left inside my head?
The scan currently shows that
there are zero traces
of your implant left inside of your body.
[Touya] Um, I was wondering,
how much longer can I stay here?
[Taiyou] You mean how much longer
can you stay with us?
My dad said you can stay
as long as you'd like.
Got it.
WORKING FOR UN3
WHILE ATTENDING GRADUATE SCHOOL
Yeah, but Touya,
don't you wanna go back at some point?
Hmm?
-To space.
-[explosion]
I guess so.
It's my home. It's where I grew up.
[Taiyou] Well, thanks to you
and Konoha inventing a new implant,
plus the work my father's been doing
at his new job at UN3,
it's become easier for young people
to move off Earth.
You can go anytime now.
[Touya] Yeah.
[Taiyou]
I've decided I'm gonna keep working here.
With UN3?
Yeah.
I want a job protecting our new cradle.
There are a lot of people
who wanna get out on their own,
but there's a lot
who still need the cradle too.
They're not quite ready to take that leap.
[Touya] Yeah.
[Taiyou] I mean,
humans are really just learning to walk.
It makes sense
that it might take some time
before they're ready
to leave the cradle for good.
[newscaster 1] During the incident,
most of the comet's water was vaporized
before falling to the earth's surface.
Therefore, the earth's average temperature
has decreased by one degree.
First Seven had concluded that
the environmental destruction
of the earth could only be prevented
by the immediate decrease
of the human population.
But new preliminary calculations
indicate that
we now have a few more years to do so.
The dust residue is supposed to disappear
in a few months,
but the dust itself seems
to contain some inexplicable effects.
Some say that Seven's…
[Konoha] How about now?
Do you remember that part yet?
LIVING IN TALLINN SUBURBS
WITH MOTHER
[Touya] No, I still can't.
If I could just remember that one part,
I can figure out
how the comet was able to create
that tremendous amount
of electricity out of water.
I'm still hazy too.
It felt like it all happened
to me in some kind of dream.
Hey, Touya. Question.
What is it?
You always hated the idea
of coming down to Earth,
so what changed your mind?
Nothing. I didn't come down to Earth.
Huh?
It was Earth that came up to me.
[Konoha] Uh, what do you mean?
14-YEAR-OLD BOYS
LAUNCHED IMPLANT BUSINESS
Back up there, Second Seven told me
I had to get out of my cradle.
So I got out and everything changed.
Cradle?
The cradle is different for each person.
My cradle, it happened to be space.
NEXT-GENERATION IMPLANTS
TOUYA SAGAMI, CEO OF FiTsZ
I had to leap out from that comfortable
place into a world I was afraid of,
so that I could get beyond my fear.
I connected with Second Seven,
got smarter and then I understood.
That's why I left space.
Mmm, I feel that way too.
I left my home,
my most comfortable of places.
It turns out
that my cradle was fate itself.
But there's one thing,
it just doesn't make any sense to me.
What's that?
[Touya]
No matter how many times I recalculate,
the comet's composition and speed
would never have resulted in
a third of the human population dying off.
The composition
was actually significantly less
than what UN2's AI had estimated
at the time.
I'm pretty sure Seven was fooling UN2
from the very beginning.
I think you're right. Sounds like Seven.
-Yeah.
-[object rattles]
-[Taiyou] Touya! I found them!
-[grunts]
I found fragments of Bright and Dakky.
They're hidden in Smarts everywhere.
It's amazing.
They diffused fragments of themselves
into the peer comm buffer.
So that's the reason why
they didn't say goodbye.
-Then that means…
-Yeah.
We can revive them almost completely.
-[Smart buzzes]
-Huh?
-Did we both just get the same email?
TO THE EXTRATERRESTRIAL
BOYS AND GIRLS
-[rumbling]
-Is this an earthquake?
[both grunt]
-What?
-Why is a helicopter landing here?
Just a visit from your investor.
How's the research going?
Not like I'd understand
even if you told me.
Mina?
I thought you were supposed
to be doing a concert on the moon.
I was, but I came back
in this cute little private shuttle
I bought yesterday,
because I got this weird email.
-[Hiroshi] Me too.
-Huh?
Hmm? Hiroshi?
[Touya]
Professor, you got the same email too?
YOUNGEST IG NOBEL PRIZE WINNER
Yeah, I guess we all got it.
[Taiyou] Yeah, but this location
we're supposed to go to-- It's weird.
Guys, can you all show me
the email you got so we can compare?
Looks pretty simple to decipher.
If we put them together like this--
Hang on. That's peculiar.
It seems there's more than
just the five of us going to this place.
[car door closes]
[Mina] What is this place?
[Touya] It's an abandoned building
called Tallinn City Hall.
[grunts]
So we're here, but it seems like
there's still someone missing.
-Listen.
-Huh?
[high-pitched echoing]
Can you hear it now?
I do.
[groans]
Huh?
Maybe they called us here
so they could meet with us again.
I don't think so.
They're calling from very far away.
You're right.
[Touya]
We need to catch up with them soon.
["Oarana" playing]